"The vegans are uncertain because it's just an absolute dome. Oh, there's really so many absolute
domes.
So it's uncertain, there's five or six what I said. All that is uncertain is also occurring.
Then, not just uncertainty, now this is. There is poor, kind of frightening situations that come.
And those are related with poor evidence of, sorry, wind, fire, water, and earth.
Related. Poor, frightening situations come, and very piring, or very windy, very piring, very water
y, and very sparkly.
And all that experience, dream, related with that, kind of like, is similar in the dream.
When you dream in the dream, when you feel cold, you feel you are traveling maybe with on the snow,
sometimes, never.
But it's actually not really going on the snow, but because of the situation around all that time,
you feel cold, you are traveling in the snow, or something, eyes, or something. Similar that all
comes.
So for frightening situations, related with that, is also eraser. Then, emotions are now coming
more strongly.
Then, before it's light, it's kind of almost like this event, or under currents, completely burnt.
Now, the old habit patterns start coming up. All the habit patterns that we have accumulated,
registered in ally.
All coming up, one up another. According to the situation, circumstances arises, and those are bur
ping up, one up another.
And those are then, particularly related with ignorance, attachment, anger.
There are four ravines come. Sorry, not four, three ravines come. White ravine, red ravine, and
black ravines come.
You feel you are falling on those two places, related with that.
And then, according to the conduct of their lifetime, sometimes, and in their teaching, of course,
violence is bad.
Killing others is bad, the negatives. And then, because of that activity, you feel somebody is
killing you.
Somebody is that kind of reflecting back to you, back to you what negative activity in a life that
individually did.
Almost echoes back to us, one up another. So all that witness is coming, one up another.
And then, in the teaching said, not just that, every 49 days, every week, almost you die, due to
all those crashes, uncertainty, you lost your eyes.
And then, each week, you take a rebirth again. So almost like seven times, you take, you die, or
five times, six times, it depends.
You die, and you take a rebirth. Therefore, in the very end of teaching, there is a lot of
ceremonies.
They do each week, high life, because change is taking that places, one after another.
Then, it's very important, and very, very special.
And then also, in the teaching said, because you see others, even the those, you see your family's
friends, and they don't see.
And then, you feel so upset, disappointed.
Particularly, they don't fight it curable about yourself.
Self, you feel more sad, more upset.
Therefore, in the teaching said, and generally, the world is called "harmon and priest."
It's so important. All the time, it's a practice of dharma.
But at least, if we're trying to maintain more harmon and priest's post, matters of their kind of
belongings have to be disproved.
Trying to put side after 49 days, in the really teaching said, it's very, very important, it's good
.
It's beneficial, beneficial for that individual, and that person is still in a part of status.
If they're gone, technically, birth early, then that is okay, but to make sure that kind of
transition is smooth,
and very peaceful to the others, they will bring more.
And then our practice, meditation, good deeds, whatever we do in their name is so important.
In the teaching said, that time, you just get only what is dedicated to you in your name.
Then, well, after the mostly, mostly to them, then, therefore, any kind of meditative activities,
good deeds,
and dedicated that to them, then to all the beings.
It is practice, it is very special, special.
And so, this is what is. And then, of course, so, this is what we go through.
And then, during that time, let's say 49 days, so about half of that, about half of that is mostly
habit pattern of these lives.
About half of that now begin to show up or don't, in a way, don't end up next to our rebuild, next
to our lives.
So that means it's kind of gradually the habit patterns of these lives or that life is demolishing
gradually,
and slowly coming up, the destination-like situations, habit patterns are showing up more strongly,
in a strong way.
And then, around that time, then, of course, it's just generally wherever it starts.
But then, there is this, like, your future destination, kind of like passages overcome.
Those are related with the life, the teachings, and then, according to your kind of destination,
then light is coming.
And light is related with it. As God's realm, if you are going to take the bird in God's realm,
then kind of wake, white light is coming.
Very soft, kind of dark, white light coming. And then we take a bird in the ashram, then red.
And human art is very vague, blue. And the animal is dark or vague, green.
And the hungry ghost is kind of, again, dull, pink, pink.
And then hell is dark, dark, dark light, all smoky light, very dull coming.
Among that five or six lights, what is coming more close to you is wherever you are going to take
the bird.
It's more kind of inviting than that. So whatever the kind of destination you are going to take the
bird,
whatever the kind of bird, then you take the bird. And then, particularly in the human realm, or as
well as other places,
but then here, here says, and the teaching says, "When this part of the rebirth is done upon me,
hold one point that center great wish."
This wish or this aspiration, inspiration, inspiration or intention?
Intention is of course important. Aspiration, intention or praying is that so important.
In this case, generally, again, even now, we just missed all that one or another opportunities.
We are now kind of almost in the final steps of the next destination.
But still, we can change the direction of the teachings.
There are two ways to change the direction. One is your practice of meditation in this character
even is not so successful.
And the second is also your prayer. We prayed many times.
Even if we didn't get a realization, we prayed good things in the future. We prayed many times.
And we tried with that, the blessings of the Murali Pya Masambhava, or blessings of the Buddha, or
blessings of Dara.
And these three combinations, many times, those individual practitioners can immediately kind of
regain their awareness.
Everness as you waking up from the dream.